# Adafruit Python ADXL345
Python code to use the ADXL345 triple-axis accelerometer over I2C with a Raspberry Pi or BeagleBone Black.
The Ultimate Pi Game is a web based app with carefully selected games which are solely controlled based on movements.
The Collection consists on two simple maze games, a racing game and a ball maze game(which depends on Webgl).
THe Games are open source projects with few modifications to meet our needs.

The web depends on some components of Bootstrap v4 Animate CSS for animations and the Jquery javascript library v3.


Every game instance requires movements in the LEFT, FORWARD, BACK AND RIGHT direction to play the game. Using AJAX,
the browser fetches the accelerometer readings every number of milliseconds. This readings are the ones generated by
the user whiles the accelerometer is tilted to play the game.
The readings in the x,y,z format are re-evaluated in the Flask application to generate a concrete position in the form,
LEFT, FORWARD, BACK OR RIGHT. The position is sent back to the browser and is processed to position the desired position
of the game been played.

Screenshots of the games can be found in the Screenshot folder.

This project was done during the Global Code Summer Camp,  2018, held at the University of Cape Coast.
The Team members include:

Authors: Innocent Ababio, Amoo Edward and Francis Deh.
Date: 16th July - 20th July, Monday - Friday, 2018. 9am - 4pm each day.


## Installation

To install the library from source (recommended) run the following commands on a Raspberry Pi or other Debian-based OS system:

    sudo apt-get install git build-essential python-dev
    cd ~
    git clone https://github.com/adafruit/Adafruit_Python_ADXL345.git
    cd Adafruit_Python_ADXL345
    sudo python setup.py install

Alternatively you can install from pip with:

    sudo pip install adafruit-adxl345

Note that the pip install method **won't** install the example code.
